Mimirtool: Support multiple selectors in remote read commands (#11733)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/tools/mimirtool.md

Grafana Mimir exposes a [remote read API] which allows the system to access the stored series.
The `remote-read` subcommand `mimirtool` enables you to interact with its API, and to determine which series are stored.

> The remote-read commands support multiple `--selector` flags to query multiple series selectors in a single request, leveraging the remote read protocol's native batching capabilities for improved performance.

Reviewer: Should we explain that there will still be just one combined set of output? (eg. for `stats`, you'll get a single set of statistics for all selectors, not a set of statistics per selector)

Additionally, you can control the response format using the `--use-chunks` flag:

- `--use-chunks=true` (default): Requests chunked streaming response for better performance with large datasets
- `--use-chunks=false`: Requests traditional sampled response format

[remote read api]: https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/storage/#remote-storage-integrations

#### Stats

> The `remote-read stats` command summarizes statistics of the stored series that match the specified selector(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `remote-read stats` command summarizes statistics of the stored series that match the specified selectors.
```

#### Dump

> The `remote-read dump` command prints all series and samples that match the specified selector(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `remote-read dump` command prints all series and samples that match the specified selectors.
```

#### Export

> The `remote-read export` command exports all series and samples that match the specified selector(s) into a local TSDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `remote-read export` command exports all series and samples that match the specified selectors into a local TSDB.
```

You can use local tooling such as `prometheus` and [`promtool`](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/tree/main/cmd/promtool) to further analyze the TSDB.

```bash

> # Use Remote Read API to download all metrics with label job=node into local tsdb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Use Remote Read API to download all metrics with label job=node into local TSDB
```
